quite disappointed I guess you can't get
out there you are at the top you look
like you were really interested in its
probably wish you've got other with the
training now this is what we've been
building towards you know that the last
few weeks I've been coming up to
Sheffield Leon's been coaching me and I
put a lot of showing in a lot of time in
a lot of hours a lot of dives well then
it must be a hundred and fifteen minimum
that that's it least it could be closer
to 200 over the sessions that I've done
that's going from that the 1-meter all
the way up to the very tail I've jumped
off the 10 so today I should have been
diving I should have been judged today
they were going to judge me and it's
really disappointing it's really it's
yeah now I'm into sport I guess that you
probably haven't seen much about it's
not sport really but it has become in
the media until tom daley came along
what's your impressions of diving as a
sport them now and after having trained
as well i'm a big fan of it i mean i was
up in sheffield in 2005 and 2006 working
on a show called the games so i would
say that channel for show so that's how
I know Leon so that was my introduction
to diving really so I've been here
before and I've seen it before and i
love it i'm a big fan of it it's just
it's always exciting when you see that's
the great thing about diving i mean
obviously it's over in a flash that
literally depending on the height less
than two seconds that's even if you're
going off the 10-meter board but
whenever you see someone climb those
straps set to the top you never know
whether or not they're going to know
that i evil whether they're just going
to crash and wipe out either way it's
incredibly exciting and every time I've
seen these guys going off of the
no Horrors in my mouth every single time
do you think that Tom Daley can really
bring the sport to the attention of Rio
you were talking to you they must've
animeme it's absolutely Larry what's
he's 14 now and he's got the world at
his feet as Lee so well 2012 he's got
all the potential to do better than
anything you're here if you are on the
board you probably be a bit of an elder
statesman considering the age of so many
people try it the Chinese athletes it's
incredible isn't it how young these kids
are jumping off the 10-meter I'm coming
up for 35 of an old man and 2 in for
this I'm 42 meant to be doing this I
don't even know what I'm thinking but so
I'm enjoying it that's the main thing
you're never too old to dive there's a
guy at my local pool and Bristol it's
our Kings with laser sensor should I
comfy he's in his 70s he downs every
week she's checking himself a four-top
board there I have to say the top board
there was only a 5 meter it's not a 10 I
mean bringing up here basically he
probably wouldn't do it what was it like
when you jumped off the first 10 meter
did you think yeah was horrible
because I'm scared of heights genuinely
I don't like Heights so I've only gents
f of it that's actually probably more
difficult going feet first in fact it is
more difficult but I just needed to just
to go without barrier and i'm glad i've
done it and next time ever to go
headfirst which is actually easier
that's easier so when can we expect it
to be in your speedos back in here and
doing the big dive then well i don't
know i mean it depends on the event
because obviously this is a big fee
natur World Series event so it's it's
more a case of finding the right event
so I think the next big event here is
probably July so it could be back here
in july probably not before then or it
could be that i have to find another
event symbols around the world that
wouldn't be too bad what it could be
always
there were mexico next week for the
fourth in the Cirrus i won't quite make
that unfortunately that's a maybe
working it possibly July it could be
either back here or somewhere else
competing in in a different event